Added steps in "Check LinkedIn for new activity" for adding contacts to Salesforce (#24895)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/digital-experience/README.md

  1. Log into the CEO's LinkedIn (if you're not already) and click "My Network".
  2. Bring all pending connect requests to the CEO during the daily roundup.

To add the most recent connections from Linkedin to our CSM, follow these steps:
  1. Log into the CEO's Linkedin (if you're not already) and click "My Network".
  2. Click "Connections" under "Manage my network".
  3. Middle click a person's Linkedin page (this will open it to a new tab).
  4. Log into our CSM using the "billing@fleetdm.com" login in another tab.

>   5. Search the company under the person's Linekdin and be sure to click the account (the company must be a 🦄 if they are not, move on to the following person).
>   6. Click "All contacts" and make sure they are not a contact already.
>   7. Click the "New" button and fill out their full name, title, role, buying situation, and Linkedin URL.
>   8. Click "Save"
>   9. Click on the new contact (their name) that you created and change their psychological stage to "intrigued" (we consider them intrigued since they've reached out to the CEO via Linkedin).
>   10. Click "Mark as current stage".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  5. Scroll down to the "Experience" section to find the person's current employer and search for that account in the CRM database. 
  6. In LinkedIn, navigate to the employer company profile. Click "insights" to see how many employees are listed and update the "Employees" field on the CRM account. 
  7. The "Account rating" on the CRM account must be a 🦄, if they're not, Do not add the contact. Move on to the following person.
  8. If the  CRM account is a 🦄, click "All contacts" and make sure they're not a contact already.
  9. Create a new contact on the account: Click "New", fill out their full name, title, role, buying situation, and LinkedIn URL, then save the record.
  10. Click on the new contact (their name) that you created and change their psychological stage to "intrigued" (we consider them intrigued since they've reached out to the CEO via LinkedIn).
```
